NAS-100329 doc VMs individual log files. (#1310)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/intro.rst

* The :guilabel:`Add to Favorites` checkbox has been removed from
  :menuselection:`Settings --> Preferences`.

> * Log files are now generated for each VM. The files are in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log files are now generated for each VM and stored in
```

>   :file:`/var/log/vm/`. The name of the log file is the name of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :file:`/var/log/vm/`. Log files have the same name as the created VM.
```

>   VM created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

* The :guilabel:`Add to Favorites` checkbox has been removed from
  :menuselection:`Settings --> Preferences`.

* Log files are now generated for each VM and stored in

>   :file:`/var/log/vm/`. Log files have the same name as the created VM.

Reviewer 2: "created" does not mean anything here.

* The :guilabel:`Add to Favorites` checkbox has been removed from
  :menuselection:`Settings --> Preferences`.

> * Log files are now generated for each VM and stored in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Log files for each VM are stored in
```
